Stock Data Live Visualization
This project aims to build a live visualization of stock data retrieved from the Yahoo Finance public API. The visualization will be hosted on http://thestockticker.pythonanywhere.com/.

Instructions
Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

Install the required packages listed in the requirements.txt file.

Create the main Python file and name it app.py.

Create an HTML file that will host the web visualization generated by your Python file. Name it index.html.

Create a free user account on PythonAnywhere. You can refer to this guide for assistance: How to Host Your Flask App on PythonAnywhere for Free.

4.1. Create a new file named requirements.txt and enter the required packages.

4.2. Sign up for a Beginner account, which is free. Choose a username that fits the application you want to host, as it will be part of the URL (e.g., username "TheStockTicker" results in http://thestockticker.pythonanywhere.com/).

4.3. Create a web app by clicking on the "Add a new web app" button.

4.4. Select your Python web framework and choose Python Version 3.10.

4.5. Create a file named app.py inside the newly created folder /mysite and copy the contents of your app.py file into it.

4.6. Create a folder called templates within the /mysite folder. Name the HTML file index.html and copy the contents of your index.html file into it.

4.7. Save the requirements.txt file in the /mysite folder and install all the listed packages by executing the following command in the bash console within the /mysite directory: pip3 install -r requirements.txt --user.

4.8. Configure the root file by opening the WSGI configuration file: /var/www/thestockticker_pythonanywhere_com_wsgi.py in the Web tab. Change the import statement for Flask to from app import app as application. This is necessary to define the correct location of your Python file.

4.9. Run the web application, reload the URL, access it, and have fun!

Feel free to explore the live visualization of stock data and make use of the functionalities provided by the application.

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please open an issue on this repository.





